1"Believe you can and you're halfway there." -Theodore Roosevelt
2"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." -Wayne Gretzky
3"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." -Steve Jobs
4"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." -Winston Churchill
5"If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things." -Albert Einstein
6"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." -Sam Levenson
7"You must be the change you wish to see in the world." -Mahatma Gandhi
8"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." -Thomas Edison
9"The best way to predict the future is to create it." -Peter Drucker
10"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." -Nelson Mandela
11"Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." -Winston Churchill
12"Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." -Christian D. Larson
13"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." -Vidal Sassoon
14"Don't let yesterday take up too much of today." -Will Rogers
15"If you can dream it, you can achieve it." -Zig Ziglar
16"Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world." -Roy T. Bennett
17"Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don't recognize them." -Ann Landers
18"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." -Franklin D. Roosevelt
19"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." -Nelson Mandela
20"I never dreamed about success. I worked for it." -Estée Lauder
21"Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got this." -Chantal Sutherland
22"If you don't build your dream, someone else will hire you to help them build theirs." -Tony Gaskins
23"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." -Eleanor Roosevelt
24"You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." -Zig Ziglar
25"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." -Zig Ziglar
